pwd: It is a command line utility for printing the current working directory. Every time I use it to be sure where am I!

mk-dir: this command creates a new folder. In addition, you can create a folder with a certain path. If you want it, you can use this command: mkdir-p a/b/c

cd: It is the most useful command for me. We change our directory with this command and it feels like you are walking inside the computer!

ls: With this command you can see the inside of the folder. This command make a list of directory. There is a trick for you! If you would like to see also hidden files you can use ls-a command!

touch: We can use touch command to create an empty file. 

mv: First I saw this command I didn't understand what is it! But it is also one of useful command for me. With mv command you can move files or rename files. Isn't it excited? :)

code . :If you are a web developer you should use a text editor to code. With this command you can open your text editor easily! For example, when I use this command, VS Code opens immediately.

history: If you are a learner and forgot everything easily like me, you love the history command! With this command, it can be showed  a list of all the recently used command. With this way, you can repeat all the commands and exercises more easily!

clear: If whole screen is full of typing and you are confused just use the clear command! It will clear the page of terminal and you can write more and more commands! 

Git Commands

git init: It creates a new local repository. If you can't see the repository on he place which it should be in, don't worry! Just check all hidden files! 

git add <filename> : With this command you can add a file to staging.

git add . : with this command you can add all the files to staging. It is very practical if you add more than one files!

git commit -m "Commit message" : this command takes the staged file and commits it to the project history. In addition, you can write your messages in this command!
  
